Overview:

One of the many areas of synergy between KeyBank and FNFG is in the
Leasing business.  During the evaluation of software platforms
supporting the FNFG business Key did not simply assume that incumbent
platforms were superior.  Leasing is a case of this "best of breed"
approach.

In late 2014 and into early 2015 KeyBank was conducting an RFP for
platforms in the Leasing space with the aim of replacing the core
systems supporting the business:  LeasePak, ExpressLink, and CT Vision.
With the announcement of the merger the pursuit of a replacement was
tabled.  However, during deeper discovery the teams found that FNFG had
recently upgraded their leasing business onto one of the platforms Key
had been investigating.  As such, rather than migrate the portfolio of
customers and deals from the FNFG system and onto the existing Key
platforms, leadership determined to retain the FNFG system with the aim
of eventually migrating the Key portfolio instead.

From a business perspective this means running parallel systems:  the
legacy Key platforms, and the FNFG LeaseTeam Aspire platform. Management
of the business still needs to occur at the macro level and so to
accomplish this data from Aspire will be integrated with existing
business support systems in the Leasing domain.  These integrations will
be the focus of this solution architecture document.

Architecture Goals

Integrity: There is inherently risk in running a business across
separate systems.  Failure to provide a holistic view of the portfolio
could lead to underwriting decisions that are not aligned with Key's
risk profile.  As such, the primary architecture goal for this
integration is complete data replication from the Aspire vendor into our
internal decision support systems.


Architecture Constraints and Variances:

Resiliency: FNFG chose a vendor hosted ASP model in their deployment of
Aspire.  To make the dates for the integration that model will carry
forward.  Technical discussions with vendor have raised concerns within
EA around the resiliency of the vendor's hosting model.  While the
vendor is capable of sub-24 hour RTOs the RPO is considerably less
robust.  Instead of regular log shipping at the SQL level LeaseTeam has
chosen to do a once a day extract and transmit of their SQL logs to the
recovery site.  When pressed on whether they could do better than a 24
hr. RPO the vendor admitted some investigation work had been done, but
nothing was in their development pipeline or roadmap to address the
deficiency.
Scalability:  The Aspire product from LeaseTeam has an unusual design
for a "modern" application.  For the purposes of this section the
application will be split into two logical components:  the client
component, and the batch component.

The back office client used by FNFG/Key staff is a thick-client written
using Microsoft's Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).  This client
communicates with the application server exclusively through web
services.  In theory, a thick-client allows for a greater offload of
work to the client.  Robust state, fewer server calls, and fast UX are
normal hallmarks of thick clients.  However, hands on use of the Aspire system has demonstrated none of these benefits.  Navigation to data
grids representing major entities, such as customer, do a complete pull
from the server tables.  The amount of time taken to response, and
correspondingly the amount of data returned, are proportional to the
